Friends, if you have also taken any insurance from ICICI Bank
and you
want to download the PDF of that insurance here.  This
insurance can be your health insurance.  It can be
car insurance, bike
insurance or travel insurance.
If you have taken any insurance from ICICI, then
in this video we will tell you how you will download its PDF.  So
what do you need to do first?  You have to go
to Play Store on your mobile phone
and here you have to search by simply writing
ICICI Insurance,
search by writing ICICI Insurance App, this app will appear, you
can see, I will show you this app is
LK Tech Care Insurance App,
you will have to download this app LK Tech Care
Insurance App, you have to keep in mind, read the name,
this is of ICICI lar and this is of ICICI, after
downloading the simple app you have to click on open,
as soon as your app gets downloaded, the option of open
appears.  Click on Open.
After that it will open your app.  Take care of L and
click on Alv.  After that this app will
open for you.  Simply you have to
click on Get Started.  After that
you have to enter your mobile number here.
So here you have to enter your mobile number in easy way.
After entering your mobile number,
OTP will be sent to your mobile number.
You have to enter that OTP here.  Just
enter the OTP and the
interface appears like this.  Now here you have to
enter your basic details.  In which
first name and last name have to be entered.
Click on the calendar and select the date of birth.
Email ID has to be entered.  After that you
can make a bonfire of it.  If you
want notifications etc. on WhatsApp then keep it disabled, otherwise
keep it disabled.  After that you simply have to
click on Continue.
Like click on continue.  Just like this
your app has been opened.  You
can give it permission to take photos and
record videos.  So please
give it here.  There is no problem.
You cut this.  After that
your app will open in this manner and whatever
insurance etc. you have taken will be
shown to you here at the top.  If you scroll on this side, it will
show you everything.  This is
my car insurance.  There is a lot of insurance here too.
Now let me
download a PDF of an insurance and show it to you.
Like it's car insurance.  I
will download it.  So I will click on this.
After clicking,
its complete details will appear here in this manner.  You can see that
after coming here, an option of
View Policy is shown here.
You have to click on View Policy.  For example, click on View Policy,
your complete details will be shown here.
And here you are shown an option of
policy copy.  So here you
need its policy copy i.e. PDF
of the insurance.  So you have to click on policy copy.
Just click and
your policy will appear here in one click.
I have blurred it because it contains
personal data etc.  So look here,
your policy will be downloaded.
You can keep it in an easy way.  There
is no problem.  So in this way
you
can download the PDF policy of ICICI Insurance.  So let's end today's
video here.  See you
in another video.  Till then,
bye, take care.